Important Questions - C programming lab (C2)

1.
a) Write a Program to print the count of even numbers between 1 and 200.Also print their sum.
b) Write a Program to calculate simple interest and compound interest.

2.
a) Write a Program to  calculate the average of first n numbers.
b) Write a Program to read a character until a * is encountered.Also Count the number of upper caase, loweer case and numbers entered by the users.

3.
a) Write a Program to classify a given number as Prime or Composite
b) Write a Program to Print reverse  of a number.

4.
a) Write a program to print the multiplication table
b)Write a function that receives an array and its size, and returns the second largest element.

5.
a)Create a structure for employee with name, id, salary. Write a program to display the employee with the highest salary.
b)Write a C program to reverse a given string using built-in function (C1 14.B)

6.
a)Create an enum for Days (Mon–Sun). Take a number from user and print the corresponding day name.
b)Write a program to check whether a string is a palindrome. (C1 10.B)

7.
a) Write a Program to Access Array Elements Using Pointers.
b) Write a Program to Print reverse  of a number. (SAME AS C2 3.B)

8.
a)Write a Program to find the Sum of all Elements in 3D array.
b)Write a program to count digits, alphabets, and special characters in a string.

9.
a)Using a union, store either date (dd, mm, yyyy) or time (hh, mm, ss) and display based on user choice.
b) Write a Program to display factorial of given number (C1 17.A)

10.
a)Write a Program to enter two points and then calculate the distance between them using Structure
b)Write a program to calculate salary of an employee,, given his basic pay (to be entered by user),HRA= 10% of the basic pay,TA= 5% of basic pay.Define HRA and TA as Constant and use them to calculate the salary of the employee

11.
a) Write a program to find biggest of three integers using functions.
b) Write a program to insert a number in an array that is already sorted in ascending order.

12.
a)Write a C program to store and display student grades in an array. (C1 13.A)
b)Write a C program to dynamically allocate memory for strings and perform operation on  them. (C1 13.B)

13.
a)Write a C program to perform matrix multiplication (C1 14.A)
b)Write a C program to reverse a given string using built-in function (SAME AS C2 5.B)

14.
a)Write a C program to print the following pattern: (C1 11.A)
   A
  B B
 C C C
D D D D
b)Write a C program to convert a string to uppercase or lowercase. (C1 11.B)

15.
a)Write a C program that takes a user's grade percentage and converts it to a letter grade (A, B, C, D, F). (C1 16.A)
b)Write a C program to print the sum of integers passed as command line arguments (C1 16.B)

16.
a)Write a C program to find the largest and smallest element in an array. (C1 12.A)
b)Write a C program to dynamically deallocate memory allocated using malloc() or calloc(). (C1 12.B)

17. Define a structure called book with book name, author name and price. Write a C program t o read the details obook (C1 18)

18. Write a C program to store and display a union of student and employee information. (C1 19)

19. Develop a C program to store and display date (day, month, year) using structures. (C1 20)

20.
a)Create a structure for employee with name, id, salary. Write a program to display the employee with the highest salary. (SAME AS C2 5.A)
b)Write a C program to reverse a given string using built-in function (SAME AS C2 5.B)



